Jupyter UI Components Proposal (#89)
jupyter/enhancement-proposals: 89-jupyter-ui-components/jupyter-ui-components.md

- **Implements the Jupyter design language:** All components follow the design language of Jupyter
  – enabling developers to create extensions that have a consistent look and feel with the rest of
  the ecosystem.
- **Automatic support for color themes:** All components are designed with theming in mind and will
  automatically display the current application theme.
- **Use any tech stack:** The library ships as a set of Web Components, meaning developers can use
  the toolkit no matter what tech stack (React, Vue, Svelte, etc.) their extension is built with.
- **Accessible foundations out of the box:** All components ship with web standard compliant ARIA labels,
  keyboard navigation and accessible color contrast from the start.

This jupyter-ui-toolkit repository contains three packages:

- [`@jupyter-notebook/web-components`](https://github.com/jupyterlab-contrib/jupyter-ui-toolkit/tree/main/packages/components/):
  The main package defining the web components.
- [`@jupyter-notebook/react-components`](https://github.com/jupyterlab-contrib/jupyter-ui-toolkit/tree/main/packages/react-components):

>   A package that wraps the web components for use with [React](https://reactjs.org). This package may become obsolete very soon as native support in `React` for Web Components [may land in v18](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/11347#issuecomment-988970952).

Reviewer: React unfortunately decided to left it out for v18

```suggestion
  A package that wraps the web components for use with [React](https://reactjs.org). This package will become obsolete as native support in `React` for Web Components [should land in v19](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/11347#issuecomment-1063490040).
```
